(drumbeat)
(plaintive violin solo playing)
(wind whistling)
(orchestra music swells)
(weapons clash)
(gasps)
(grunts)
(groaning)
(blade rings)
(bellowing)
(grunting)
(panting)
(cries out in agony)
(orchestra plays ominous low notes)
(plaintive violin solo returns)
This blade has a dark past.
It has shed much innocent blood.
You're a fool for traveling alone
so completely unprepared.
You're lucky your blood's still flowing.
Thank you.
So...
What brings you to the land of the gatekeepers?
I'm... I'm searching for someone.
Someone very dear?
A kindred spirit?
A dragon.
(fire crackling)
A dangerous quest for a lone hunter.
(birds cawing)
I've been alone for as long as I can remember.
(flies buzzing)
(birds cawing)
(sniffs)
(hollow thump)
(gasps)
(whimpering)
(squeaking)
Shh.
(sniffing)
(shrieking)
Shh. Hey, shh-shh.
We're almost done.
Hey, sit still.
(chuckles gently)
Good night, Scales.
(gentle music playing)
(chicken clucking)
SINTEL:
Get him, Scales!
Come on! Get him!
(clucking)
(laughing softly as she runs)
Ooh!
Scales?
(chicken clucks)
(flock cawing)
(wings fluttering)
(panting)
(orchestra music swells)
(sintel laughing)
Yeah!
Come on!
Whoo!
(screeching)
(thud)
(snarls)
(crunching)
(grunts)
(screeching)
Scales!
(wind whistling softly)
(breathing hard)
(lyrical oboe playing over orchestra)
(ethereal chorus singing)
(beast growling)
(cries out in pain)
(wind roaring)
(groans)
(gasps)
(panting and gasping)
(wind whistling)
(weapons clash)
(panting)
I have failed.
Mmm...
You've only failed to see.
These are dragon lands, Sintel.
You are closer than you know.
(quiet music playing)
(footsteps crunching softly)
(growling softly)
(crunching loudly)
(meat ripping)
(soft thud)
(squealing)
(growls)
(growling)
Scales!
(bellowing)
(shards tinkling as they fall)
(suspenseful music playing)
(growling and grunting)
(growling)
(growls and sniffs)
(shrieks)
(bellowing)
(growling)
Scales?
Scales...
(moaning softly)
(rumbling and cracking)
(boulders crashing)
(silence)
(sobbing softly)
(flock squawking)
(sniffles)
(blade clanks)
(quiet music begins playing)
(scuffling)
♪ Come take my journey into night ♪
♪ Come be my shadow, walk at my side ♪
♪ And when you see all that I have seen ♪
♪ Can you tell me love from pride? ♪
♪ I have been waiting all this time ♪
♪ For one to wake me, one to call mine ♪
♪ So when you're near all that you hold dear ♪
♪ Do you fear what you will find? ♪
♪ As the dawn breaks through the night ♪
♪ I move on, forever longing ♪
♪ For the home I found in your eyes. ♪
♪ I will be listening for the drum ♪
♪ To call me over, far away from... ♪
♪ My tender youth and the very truth ♪
♪ Showing me what I've become. ♪
♪ As the dawn breaks through the night ♪
♪ I move on, forever longing ♪
♪ For the home I found in your eyes ♪
♪ Your voice saw me through the night. ♪